Federal Register / Vol. 91, No. 136 / Friday, July 17, 2026 / Notices 44965

sectors of EMS. Past members of the • Volunteer EMS • An affirmative statement that the
advisory committee are welcome to • Fire-based (career) EMS nominee meets all Council eligibility
apply. The Department is interested in • Private (career non-fire) EMS requirements.
ensuring membership is balanced fairly • Hospital-based EMS • A letter of interest that identifies
in terms of the points of view • Tribal EMS that the applicant seeks to represent the
represented and the functions to be • Air Medical EMS State/Local 911 Officials sector. Please
performed by the advisory committee. • Local EMS Service Officials do not send company, trade association,
Description of Duties: In general, • EMS Physicians or organization brochures or any other
NEMSAC’s responsibilities are to • Emergency Physicians information. Should more information
consider information and topics related • Trauma Surgeons be needed, DOT staff will contact the
to EMS and make recommendations and • Pediatric Emergency Physicians nominee, obtain information from the
dispense advice to the Secretary of • State EMS Officials nominee’s past affiliations, or obtain
Transportation and FICEMS. Examples • State Highway Safety Officials information from publicly available
of areas where NEMSAC members may • EMS Educators sources, such as the internet.
• State/Local 911 Officials Nominations must be received before
be tasked to provide recommendations
• EMS Data Management Officials August 17, 2026. The nominee selected
or advice on EMS include:
• EMS Quality Improvement Officials
• Expanded use of the National EMS for appointment to the Council will be
• EMS Researchers notified by email.
Information System (NEMSIS)—the
• Emergency Nurses Authority: 42 U.S.C. 300d–4(b); 49
database used to store EMS data from
• Hospital Administration CFR part 1.95(i)(4).
the U.S., States, and territories. • Public Health Officials
• Use of NEMSIS for applied research Issued in Washington, DC.
• Emergency Management Officials
and development of standards, • EMS Clinicians Jane Terry,
guidelines, and performance • Consumers (not directly affiliated Acting Associate Administrator, Research
benchmarks that are evidence-based. with healthcare) and Program Development.
• Development of Federal programs
• State or local legislative bodies [FR Doc. 2026–14442 Filed 7–16–26; 8:45 am]
that will both improve the delivery of
EMS throughout the Nation and NHTSA is seeking a member to serve BILLING CODE 4910–59–P

coordination among Federal agencies in a representative capacity on
supporting local, regional, State, Tribal, NEMSAC for the sector identified as
State/Local 911 Officials. This member DEPARTMENT OF TRANSPORTATION
and territorial EMS, and 911 systems.
• National EMS system quality will be selected for their ability to Pipeline and Hazardous Materials
improvement projects and programs that represent local and State 911 officials’ Safety Administration
will strengthen the resiliency of EMS interests from across the EMS
community, but the member will not [Docket No. PHMSA–2026–1156]
systems into one that is inherently more
adaptable, innovative, accessible, represent a specific organization. This
member may not also serve as a Special Pipeline Safety: Joint Meeting of the
integrated, prepared, sustainable, and Gas and Liquid Pipeline Advisory
safe. Government Employee. NEMSAC
Committees
• Enhancements that promote, members will not receive pay or other
strengthen, and increase medical and compensation from NHTSA for their AGENCY: Pipeline and Hazardous
operational education, professional NEMSAC service, but are entitled to Materials Safety Administration
development, safety, recruitment, reimbursement of their travel expenses, (PHMSA); Department of Transportation
retention, use of technology, healthcare including per diem. NEMSAC meets in (DOT).
system data linkages, etc. plenary session approximately four ACTION: Notice of advisory committee
In addition, NEMSAC is tasked with times per year. meeting.
the following statutory responsibilities: Process and Deadline for Submitting
a. Respond to requests for Nominations: Qualified individuals can SUMMARY: This notice announces a joint
consultation on EMS issues from the self-nominate or be nominated by any public meeting of the Technical
Secretary of Transportation and individual or organization. An Pipeline Safety Standards Committee,
FICEMS. application for appointment must be also known as the Gas Pipeline
b. Prepare an annual report to the submitted to one of the locations listed Advisory Committee (GPAC), and the
Secretary of Transportation regarding its in the ADDRESSES section by the Technical Hazardous Liquid Pipeline
actions and recommendations. deadline listed in the DATES section and Safety Standards Committee, also
Membership: In accordance with the include the following materials: known as the Liquid Pipeline Advisory
NEMSAC charter, members should • A Resume or Curriculum Vitae Committee (LPAC). The meeting will be
represent a cross-section of the agencies, containing the applicant’s full name, held virtually to discuss 13 notices of
organizations, and individuals involved title, and relevant contact information proposed rulemaking (NPRMs) covering
in EMS activities and programs in the (home address, phone number, email topics such as special permit
United States. NEMSAC members shall address) of the individual requesting conditions, in-plant piping, incidental
represent collectively all sectors of the consideration. gathering lines, coating damage
EMS community. NEMSAC’s broad- • At least two (2) but no more than assessments, atmospheric corrosion,
based membership will ensure that it four (4) letters of recommendation from class change pressure tests, maximum
has sufficient EMS system expertise to a company, union, trade association, allowable operating pressure (MAOP)
khammond on DSK9W7S144PROD with NOTICE


reflect the whole EMS community. academic, or nonprofit organization, or reconfirmation, operator identification
Representatives are selected based on individual on letterhead containing a notifications, limitations on welding
materials submitted. To the extent brief description of why the applicant operators, remote monitoring valves,
practical, NEMSAC membership may should be considered for appointment. property damage definition, right-of-
include representation from the • A short biography of the nominee, way patrols, and reporting deadlines.
following sectors of the EMS including professional and academic DATES: The GPAC and LPAC will meet
community: credentials. on Thursday, July 30, 2026, from 9:00


VerDate Sep<11>2014 17:57 Jul 16, 2026 Jkt 268001 PO 00000 Frm 00167 Fmt 4703 Sfmt 4703 E:\FR\FM\17JYN1.SGM 17JYN1
 44966 Federal Register / Vol. 91, No. 136 / Friday, July 17, 2026 / Notices

a.m. to 5:00 p.m. ET to discuss the 14 FDMS), which can be reviewed at Docket Number PHMSA–2025–0118.
NPRMs. The meeting may end early or http://www.dot.gov/privacy. PHMSA proposed to clarify that right-
later depending on when the • Confidential Business Information: of-way patrol requirements for gas,
committees complete their review. Confidential Business Information (CBI) hazardous liquid, and carbon dioxide
Members of the public who wish to is commercial or financial information pipelines are technology neutral, and
attend are asked to register on the that is both customarily and actually that operators can use remote sensing
meeting website on https://primis- treated as private by its owner. Under technologies, such as unmanned aerial
meetings.phmsa.dot.gov/ no later than the Freedom of Information Act (5 systems and satellites, to satisfy those
July 25, 2026. Individuals who require U.S.C. 552), CBI is exempt from public requirements.
accommodations because of a disability disclosure. If your comments in 3. Pipeline Safety: Property Damage
must notify Joe Berry by email at response to this notice contain Definition forReporting Incidentson Gas
joseph.berry1@dot.gov by that date as commercial or financial information Pipelines and Accidents on Hazardous
well. that is customarily treated as private, Liquidand Carbon DioxidePipelines,
that you actually treat as private, and Docket Number PHMSA–2025–0109.
ADDRESSES: The meeting will be held
that is relevant or responsive to this PHMSA proposed to revise the
virtually. The agenda, registration
notice, it is important that you clearly definition of property damage
details, and virtual access instructions fordeterminingwhen a release from a
will be posted at: https://primis- designate the submitted comments as
CBI. Pursuant to 49 CFR 190.343, you gas, hazardous liquid, or carbon dioxide
meetings.phmsa.dot.gov/. Presentations pipeline facility meets the definition of
will be available on the meeting website may ask PHMSA to provide confidential
treatment to information you give to the a reportable incident or accident,
and at https://www.regulations.gov/ in including for immediate notifications to
docket number PHMSA–2026–1156 as agency by taking the following steps: (1)
mark each page of the original the National Response Center.
soon as practicable following the 4. Pipeline Safety:Adjustment to OPID
meeting. document submission containing CBI as
‘‘Confidential;’’ (2) send PHMSA a copy Notifications for Construction, Docket
Comments: Public comments must be Number PHMSA–2026–1551. PHMSA
submitted by August 31, 2026. Submit of the original document with the CBI
deleted along with the original, proposed to increasethe monetary
comments to the docket number threshold for Operator Identification
corresponding to the relevant proposal unaltered document; and (3) explain
why the information you are submitting Number (OPID) notifications for certain
listed in section I below using any of the construction and maintenance tasks on
following methods: is CBI. Unless you are notified
gas, hazardous liquid, and carbon
• E-Gov Web: https:// otherwise, PHMSA will treat such
dioxide pipeline facilities. PHMSA also
www.regulations.gov. This site allows marked submissions as confidential
under the Freedom of Information Act proposed to providea mechanism in 49
the public to enter comments on any CFR part 191, appendix A for annual
Federal Register notice issued by any and they will not be placed in the
public docket of this notice. updates to these thresholds.
agency. Follow the online instructions 5. Pipeline Safety:Timeframe to
for submitting comments. Submissions containing CBI should be
MakeRMVsOperational, Docket Number
• Mail or Hand Delivery: Docket sent to Joseph Berry at the email address
PHMSA–2026–1553. PHMSA proposed
Management System: U.S. Department listed below. Any material PHMSA
to amend the requiredtimeframesfor
of Transportation, 1200 New Jersey receives that is not specifically
making rupture-mitigation valves and
Avenue SE, West Building Ground designated as CBI will be placed in the
alternative equivalent technology
Floor, Room W12–140, Washington, DC public docket.
operational on gas transmission,
20590–0001. Hand delivery is available • Docket: Access the dockets of each
hazardous liquid, and carbon dioxide
between 9:00 a.m. and 5:00 p.m. ET, rulemaking at http://
pipelines.
Monday through Friday, except Federal www.regulations.gov. Specific docket 6. Pipeline Safety: Exception for In-
holidays. Submit two copies if you numbers are provided below in section Plant Piping Systems, Docket Number
submit your comment by mail, and, I. The dockets contain background PHMSA–2025–0112. PHMSA proposed
include a self-addressed stamped documents and comments received. amendments to codify an exception in
postcard if you wish to receive Alternatively, you may review the the gas pipeline safety regulations for
confirmation of receipt. documents in person at the street in-plant piping systems.
• Fax: 202–493–2251. address listed above. 7. Pipeline Safety: Adjust Annual
• Instructions: Identify the docket FOR FURTHER INFORMATION CONTACT: Joe ReportDeadlines, Docket Number
number PHMSA–2026–1156 and the Berry by phone at 720–601–3577 or by PHMSA–2025–0108. PHMSA proposed
docket number corresponding to the email at joseph.berry1@dot.gov. to extend from March 15 to June 15 the
relevant proposal listed in section I SUPPLEMENTARY INFORMATION: annual report data submission deadline
below at the beginning of your for operators of gas pipelines,
comments. I. Meeting Agenda specifically gas distribution pipelines,
Note: All comments received are posted The GPAC and LPAC will meet on gas transmission pipelines, regulated
without edits to http://www.regulations.gov, Thursday, July 30, 2026, to discuss the gas gathering pipelines, Type R gas
including any personal information following NPRMs: gathering lines, underground natural gas
provided. 1. Pipeline Safety: Rationalize Special storage facilities, and liquefied natural
• Privacy Act Statement: In Permit Conditions, Docket Number gas facilities. PHMSA also proposed to
accordance with 5 U.S.C. 553(c), DOT PHMSA–2025–0135. PHMSA proposed extend the National Pipeline Mapping
khammond on DSK9W7S144PROD with NOTICE


solicits comments from the public to amendments to ensure that special System information submission
better inform its rulemaking process. permit conditions are connected deadline for operators of gas
DOT posts these comments, without directly to the provision being waived. transmission and liquefied natural gas
edit, including any personal information 2. Pipeline Safety: Integration of facilities.
the commenter provides, to http:// Innovative Remote Sensing 8. Pipeline Safety: Eliminating
www.regulations.gov, as described in Technologies for Right-of-Way Patrols Limitations on Welders and Welding
the system of records notice (DOT/ALL– on Gas and Hazardous Liquid Pipelines, Operators, Docket Number PHMSA–


VerDate Sep<11>2014 17:57 Jul 16, 2026 Jkt 268001 PO 00000 Frm 00168 Fmt 4703 Sfmt 4703 E:\FR\FM\17JYN1.SGM 17JYN1
 Federal Register / Vol. 91, No. 136 / Friday, July 17, 2026 / Notices 44967

2026–1552. PHMSA proposed to remove components undertaken in response to committee meeting. Therefore,
the exclusion from welding on a previous identification of atmospheric individuals should check the meeting
compressor station pipe and corrosion. Operators replacing a website or contact Joe Berry regarding
components for welders or welding pipeline facility would instead be able any possible changes.
operators qualified by nondestructive to employ on that replacement facility Issued in Washington, DC, under authority
testing. the default 5-year reassessment interval delegated in 49 CFR 1.97.
9. Pipeline Safety: Harmonize Class provided for elsewhere in the Federal Linda Daugherty,
Change Pressure Test Requirements pipeline safety regulations.
Acting Associate Administrator for Pipeline
with Subpart J Pressure Test The GPAC and LPAC will review the Safety.
Requirements, Docket Number PHMSA– NPRMs and their associated regulatory
[FR Doc. 2026–14503 Filed 7–16–26; 8:45 am]
2025–0116. PHMSA proposed analyses, including, but not limited to,
BILLING CODE 4910–60–P
amendments to align the minimum the cost-benefit and risk assessment
pressure testing duration for certain analyses contained in the preliminary
short segments affected by class location regulatory impact analyses,
changes with the longstanding pressure environmental assessments, and other
test duration requirements for other DEPARTMENT OF THE TREASURY
materials pertaining to the NPRM
short segments. provided in the respective public Office of Foreign Assets Control
10. Pipeline Safety:Removing docket.
Unnecessary Provision for Material Following the meeting, PHMSA will Notice of OFAC Sanctions Action
Properties Verification During MAOP evaluate the recommendations provided
Reconfirmation, Docket Number by the GPAC and LPAC and publish AGENCY: Office of Foreign Assets
PHMSA–2026–1549. PHMSA proposed final rules that address the comments Control, Treasury.
to remove an unnecessary provision received and relevant information from ACTION: Notice.
from the MAOP reconfirmation the meeting report.
requirements for testing pipe materials SUMMARY: The U.S. Department of the
cut out from test manifold sites. II. Information on the Committees Treasury’s Office of Foreign Assets
11. Pipeline Safety: Codify The GPAC and LPAC are statutorily Control (OFAC) is publishing the names
Enforcement Discretion on Incidental mandated advisory committees that of one or more persons that have been
Gathering Lines, Docket Number provide PHMSA and the Secretary of placed on OFAC’s Specially Designated
PHMSA–2025–0113. PHMSA proposed Transportation with recommendations Nationals and Blocked Persons List
to codify a 2022 exercise of limited on proposed standards for the (SDN List) based on OFAC’s
enforcement discretion applicable to transportation of gas and liquid by determination that one or more
certain incidental gathering lines. pipelines. The committees were applicable legal criteria were satisfied.
12. Pipeline Safety: Eliminating established in accordance with 49 All property and interests in property
Burdensome and Duplicative Deadlines U.S.C. 60115 and the Federal Advisory subject to U.S. jurisdiction of these
for Gas Pipeline Coating Damage Committee Act of 1972 (FACA, 5 U.S.C. persons are blocked, and U.S. persons
Assessments and Remedial Actions, Ch. 10) to review PHMSA’s regulatory are generally prohibited from engaging
Docket Number PHMSA–2025–0114. initiatives and determine their technical in transactions with them.
PHMSA proposed toeliminate feasibility, reasonableness, cost- DATES: This action was issued on July
unnecessarily prescriptive and effectiveness, and practicability. Each
burdensome deadlines on gas 10, 2026. See Supplementary
committee consists of 15 members, with Information for relevant dates.
transmission and certain gas gathering membership evenly divided among
lines for completing coating damage FOR FURTHER INFORMATION CONTACT:
Federal and State governments,
assessments following trench backfilling OFAC: Associate Director for Global
regulated industry, and the general
of newly installed pipe and remedial Targeting, 202–622–2420; Assistant
public.
actions following failed coating Director for Licensing, 202–622–2480;
assessments.This proposal III. Public Participation Assistant Director for Sanctions
wouldreplace those existing This virtual meeting will be open to Compliance, 202–622–2490; or https://
requirements with a general the public. PHMSA will also record the ofac.treasury.gov/contact-ofac.
requirement to complete, prior to the in- meeting and post a record to the public SUPPLEMENTARY INFORMATION:
service date of the pipeline, any coating docket.
damage assessments for newly installed Though verbal statements from Electronic Availability
pipe, as well as remedial actions members of the public will not be The SDN List and additional
undertaken in response to a failed permitted during this meeting, PHMSA information concerning OFAC sanctions
coating damage assessment. invites written comments during a 30- programs are available on OFAC’s
13. Pipeline Safety: Atmospheric day period following the meeting. website: https://ofac.treasury.gov.
Corrosion Reassessment for Pipeline Written public comments on the
Replacements, Docket Number Notice of OFAC Actions
proceedings of the meeting must be
PHMSA–2025–0115. PHMSA proposed submitted by August 31, 2026. On July 10, 2026, OFAC determined
to eliminate an existing requirement for PHMSA is not always able to publish that the property and interests in
a 3-year atmospheric corrosion a notice in the Federal Register quickly property subject to U.S. jurisdiction of
reassessment interval for gas enough to provide timely notice the following persons are blocked under
khammond on DSK9W7S144PROD with NOTICE


distribution service lines following regarding last-minute issues that impact the relevant sanctions authorities listed
replacement of pipeline segments or a previously announced advisory below.


VerDate Sep<11>2014 17:57 Jul 16, 2026 Jkt 268001 PO 00000 Frm 00169 Fmt 4703 Sfmt 4703 E:\FR\FM\17JYN1.SGM 17JYN1