Case 5:23-cv-00700-FB Document 39 Filed 06/01/26 Page 1 of 7


IN THE UNITED STATES DISTRICT COURT
FOR THE WESTERN DISTRICT OF TEXAS
SAN ANTONIO DIVISION

SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE §
COMMISSION, §
§
Plaintiff, §
§
V. § CIVIL ACTION NO. SA-23-CV-700-FB
§
CHIMENE VAN GUNDY, OUTSTANDING §
REAL ESTATE SOLUTIONS, INC., §
MICHAEL TROFIMOFF, SANTOS §
KIDD, MARIA TOSTA, §
§
Defendants. §

FINAL JUDGMENT BY DEFAULT AS TO DEFENDANT SANTOS KIDD

Before the Court is Plaintiff’s Motion for Final Judgment by Default as to Defendant Santos

Kidd and Brief in Support (ECF No. 38), filed on April 17, 2026. To date, no response in opposition

to the motion has been filed. After careful consideration, the Court is of the opinion that the motion

should be granted and this final judgment by default should be entered against Defendant Santos Kidd.

IT IS THEREFORE ORDERED, ADJUDGED and DECREED that Plaintiff’s Motion for Final

Judgment by Default as to Defendant Santos Kidd (“Defendant”) (contained within ECF No. 38) is

GRANTED as follows:

The Plaintiff Securities and Exchange Commission (the “Commission”) has filed a Complaint,

Defendant Santos Kidd (“Defendant” or “Defendant Kidd”) has failed to answer or to otherwise defend

himself, the District Clerk has entered default against Defendant, and the Commission has filed a

Motion for Final Judgment by Default against Defendant Kidd which the Court has granted herein.

Therefore:
 Case 5:23-cv-00700-FB Document 39 Filed 06/01/26 Page 2 of 7


I.

IT IS HEREBY ORDERED, ADJUDGED, AND DECREED that Defendant is permanently

restrained and enjoined from violating, directly or indirectly, Section 10(b) of the Securities Exchange

Act of 1934 (the “Exchange Act”) [15 U.S.C. § 78j(b)] and Rule 10b-5 promulgated thereunder [17

C.F.R. § 240.10b-5], by using any means or instrumentality of interstate commerce, or of the mails, or

of any facility of any national securities exchange, in connection with the purchase or sale of any

security:

(a) to employ any device, scheme, or artifice to defraud;

(b) to make any untrue statement of a material fact or to omit to state a material fact

necessary in order to make the statements made, in the light of the circumstances under

which they were made, not misleading; or

(c) to engage in any act, practice, or course of business which operates or would operate as

a fraud or deceit upon any person.

IT IS FURTHER ORDERED, ADJUDGED, AND DECREED that, as provided in Federal Rule

of Civil Procedure 65(d)(2), the foregoing paragraph also binds the following who receive actual notice

of this Final Judgment by personal service or otherwise: (a) Defendant’s officers, agents, servants,

employees, and attorneys; and (b) other persons in active concert or participation with Defendant or

with anyone described in (a).

II.

IT IS HEREBY FURTHER ORDERED, ADJUDGED, AND DECREED that Defendant is

permanently restrained and enjoined from violating Section 17(a) of the Securities Act of 1933 (the

“Securities Act”) [15 U.S.C. § 77q(a)] in the offer or sale of any security by the use of any means or


-2-
 Case 5:23-cv-00700-FB Document 39 Filed 06/01/26 Page 3 of 7


instruments of transportation or communication in interstate commerce or by use of the mails, directly

or indirectly:

(a) to employ any device, scheme, or artifice to defraud;

(b) to obtain money or property by means of any untrue statement of a material fact or any

omission of a material fact necessary in order to make the statements made, in light of

the circumstances under which they were made, not misleading;

or

(c) to engage in any transaction, practice, or course of business which operates or would

operate as a fraud or deceit upon the purchaser.

IT IS FURTHER ORDERED, ADJUDGED, AND DECREED that, as provided in Federal Rule

of Civil Procedure 65(d)(2), the foregoing paragraph also binds the following who receive actual notice

of this Final Judgment by personal service or otherwise: (a) Defendant’s officers, agents, servants,

employees, and attorneys; and (b) other persons in active concert or participation with Defendant or

with anyone described in (a).

III.

IT IS HEREBY ORDERED, ADJUDGED, AND DECREED that Defendant is permanently

restrained and enjoined from violating Section 15(a) of the Exchange Act [15 U.S.C. § 78o(a)] by,

directly or indirectly, while engaging in business as a broker or dealer, making use of the mails or any

means or instrumentality of interstate commerce to effect any transaction in, or to induce or attempt to

induce the purchase or sale of, any security (other than as exempted security or commercial paper,

bankers’ acceptances, or commercial bills) unless registered with the Commission in accordance with

Section 15(b) of the Exchange Act [15 U.S.C. § 78o(b)] or associated with a broker or dealer that is


-3-
 Case 5:23-cv-00700-FB Document 39 Filed 06/01/26 Page 4 of 7


registered with the Commission in accordance with Section 15(b) of the Exchange Act [15 U.S.C. §

78o(b)].

IT IS FURTHER ORDERED, ADJUDGED, AND DECREED that, as provided in Federal Rule

of Civil Procedure 65(d)(2), the foregoing paragraph also binds the following who receive actual notice

of this Judgment by personal service or otherwise: (a) Defendant’s officers, agents, servants, employees,

and attorneys; and (b) other persons in active concert or participation with Defendant or with anyone

described in (a).

IV.

IT IS HEREBY FURTHER ORDERED, ADJUDGED, AND DECREED that Defendant is

permanently restrained and enjoined from directly or indirectly, including, but not limited to, through

any entity owned or controlled by him, participating in the issuance, purchase, offer, or sale of any

security; provided, however, that such injunction shall not prevent him from purchasing or selling

securities for his own personal account.

V.

IT IS HEREBY FURTHER ORDERED, ADJUDGED, AND DECREED that Defendant is

liable for disgorgement of $285,155.97 representing profits gained as a result of the conduct alleged in

the Complaint, together with prejudgment interest thereon in the amount of $37,467.18, for a total of

$322,623.15 Defendant is further liable for a civil penalty in the amount of $285,155.97 pursuant to

Section 20(d) of the Securities Act [15 U.S.C. § 77t(d)] and Section 21(d) of the Exchange Act [15

U.S.C. § 78u(d)]. Defendant shall satisfy this obligation by paying these amounts to the Securities and

Exchange Commission within 30 days after entry of this Final Judgment.


-4-
 Case 5:23-cv-00700-FB Document 39 Filed 06/01/26 Page 5 of 7


Defendant may transmit payment electronically to the Commission, which will provide detailed

ACH transfer/Fedwire instructions upon request. Payment may also be made directly from a bank

account via Pay.gov through the SEC website at http://www.sec.gov/about/offices/ofm.htm. Defendant

may also pay by certified check, bank cashier’s check, or United States postal money order payable to

the Securities and Exchange Commission, which shall be delivered or mailed to:

Enterprise Services Center
Accounts Receivable Branch
6500 South MacArthur Boulevard
Oklahoma City, OK 73169

and shall be accompanied by a letter identifying the case title, civil action number, and name of this

Court; Santos Kidd as defendant in this action; and specifying that payment is made pursuant to this

Final Judgment.

Defendant shall simultaneously transmit photocopies of evidence of payment and case

identifying information to the Commission’s counsel in this action. By making this payment, Defendant

relinquishes all legal and equitable right, title, and interest in such funds and no part of the funds shall

be returned to Defendant.

The Commission may enforce the Court’s judgment for disgorgement and prejudgment interest

by moving for civil contempt (and/or through other collection procedures authorized by law) at any time

after 30 days following entry of this Final Judgment. Defendant shall pay post judgment interest on any

delinquent amounts pursuant to 28 U.S.C. § 1961. The Commission shall hold the funds, together with

any interest and income earned thereon (collectively, the “Fund”), pending further order of the Court.

The Commission may propose a plan to distribute the Fund subject to the Court’s approval.

Such a plan may provide that the Fund shall be distributed pursuant to the Fair Fund provisions of


-5-
 Case 5:23-cv-00700-FB Document 39 Filed 06/01/26 Page 6 of 7


Section 308(a) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. The Court shall retain jurisdiction over the

administration of any distribution of the Fund. If the Commission staff determines that the Fund will

not be distributed, the Commission shall send the funds paid pursuant to this Final Judgment to the

United States Treasury.

Regardless of whether any such Fair Fund distribution is made, amounts ordered to be paid as

civil penalties pursuant to this Final Judgment shall be treated as penalties paid to the government for

all purposes, including all tax purposes. To preserve the deterrent effect of the civil penalty, Defendant

shall not, after offset or reduction of any award of compensatory damages in any Related Investor

Action based on Defendant’s payment of disgorgement in this action, argue that they are entitled to, nor

shall they further benefit by, offset or reduction of such compensatory damages award by the amount

of any part of Defendant’s payment of a civil penalty in this action (“Penalty Offset”). If the court in

any Related Investor Action grants such a Penalty Offset, Defendant shall, within 30 days after entry

of a final order granting the Penalty Offset, notify the Commission’s counsel in this action and pay the

amount of the Penalty Offset to the United States Treasury or to a Fair Fund, as the Commission directs.

Such a payment shall not be deemed an additional civil penalty and shall not be deemed to change the

amount of the civil penalty imposed in this Final Judgment. For purposes of this paragraph, a “Related

Investor Action” means a private damages action brought against Defendant by or on behalf of one or

more investors based on substantially the same facts as alleged in the Complaint in this action.

VI.

IT IS FURTHER ORDERED, ADJUDGED, AND DECREED that, solely for purposes of

exceptions to discharge set forth in Section 523 of the Bankruptcy Code, 11 U.S.C. §523, the allegations

in the complaint are true and admitted by Defendant, and further, any debt for disgorgement,


-6-
 Case 5:23-cv-00700-FB Document 39 Filed 06/01/26 Page 7 of 7


prejudgment interest, civil penalty or other amounts due by Defendant under this Final Judgment or any

other judgment, order, consent order, decree or settlement agreement entered in connection with this

proceeding, is a debt for the violation by Defendant of the federal securities laws or any regulation or

order issued under such laws, as set forth in Section 523(a)(19) of the Bankruptcy Code, 11 U.S.C.

§523(a)(19).

VII.

IT IS FURTHER ORDERED, ADJUDGED, AND DECREED that this Court shall retain

jurisdiction of this matter for the purposes of enforcing the terms of this Final Judgment.

VIII.

There being no just reason for delay, pursuant to Rule 54(b) of the Federal Rules of Civil

Procedure, the Clerk is ordered to enter this Final Judgment forthwith and without further notice.

It is so ORDERED.

SIGNED this 1st day of June, 2026


_________________________________________________
FRED BIERY
UNITED STATES DISTRICT JUDGE


-7-