43384 Federal Register / Vol. 91, No. 134 / Wednesday, July 15, 2026 / Notices

or after August 14, 2026. If competing National Park Service is not responsible under ADDRESSES. Requests for
requests for repatriation are received, for the determinations in this notice. repatriation may be submitted by any
the DMNS must determine the most lineal descendant or Native Hawaiian
Abstract of Information Available
appropriate requestor prior to organization not identified in this notice
repatriation. Requests for joint A total of approximately 687 cultural who shows, by a preponderance of the
repatriation of the cultural items are items, identified collectively as ‘‘Lots evidence, that the requestor is a lineal
considered a single request and not 10–83 (with additional pieces)’’ or ‘‘Lots descendant or a culturally affiliated
competing requests. The DMNS is 10–83+’’, have been requested for Native Hawaiian organization.
responsible for sending a copy of this repatriation. The approximately 687 Repatriation of the cultural items in
notice to the Indian Tribes and Native unassociated funerary objects are this notice to a requestor may occur on
Hawaiian organizations identified in predominantly kapa samples, but also or after August 14, 2026. If competing
this notice and to any other consulting include canoe fragments, pandanus mat requests for repatriation are received,
parties. fragments, additional mat fragments, the BPBM must determine the most
Authority: Native American Graves wooden fire sticks, bundles, lauhala, appropriate requestor prior to
Protection and Repatriation Act, 25 cordage and fiber supports, wood repatriation. Requests for joint
U.S.C. 3004 and the implementing fragments, netting samples, and a repatriation of the cultural items are
regulations, 43 CFR 10.9. beaded necklace with dog tooth. These considered a single request and not
items represent multiple acquisitions, competing requests. The BPBM is
Dated: July 7, 2026.
between approximately 1905 and 1985, responsible for sending a copy of this
Melanie O’Brien,
originating from the Honoko’a Gulch notice to the Native Hawaiian
Manager, National NAGPRA Program. Cave Complex (also known as the organizations identified in this notice
[FR Doc. 2026–14172 Filed 7–14–26; 8:45 am] Kawaihae, Forbes, and Mummy Caves), and to any other consulting parties.
BILLING CODE 4312–52–P Hawai’i Island. Based on BPBM Authority: Native American Graves
accession records, approximately 646 Protection and Repatriation Act, 25
pieces of kapa samples, bundles, and U.S.C. 3004 and the implementing
DEPARTMENT OF THE INTERIOR fragments are attributed to Forbes Cave regulations, 43 CFR 10.9.
(approximately 16%), Mummy Cave Dated: July 7, 2026.
National Park Service
(approximately 6%), Kukui o Umi Cave
Melanie O’Brien,
[N7299; NPS–WASO–NAGPRA– (approximately 38%), and mixed cave
NPS0043196; PPWOCRADN0– contexts (approximately 40%). Manager, National NAGPRA Program.
PCU00RP14.R50000] Historical accounts and physical [FR Doc. 2026–14162 Filed 7–14–26; 8:45 am]
evidence, among other information, BILLING CODE 4312–52–P
Notice of Intended Repatriation:
indicate that the kapa, cordage, mats,
Bernice Pauahi Bishop Museum,
canoe fragments, and related cultural
Honolulu, HI DEPARTMENT OF THE INTERIOR
materials removed from the Honoko’a
AGENCY: National Park Service, Interior. Gulch Cave Complex were used as part National Park Service
ACTION: Notice. of traditional Native Hawaiian burial
practices. [N7332; NPS–WASO–NAGPRA–
SUMMARY: In accordance with the Native NPS0043221; PPWOCRADN0–
American Graves Protection and Determinations PCU00RP14.R50000]
Repatriation Act (NAGPRA), the Bernice The BPBM has determined that:
Pauahi Bishop Museum (BPBM) intends • The 687 unassociated funerary Notice of Intended Repatriation:
to repatriate certain cultural items that objects described in this notice are Franklin Pierce University, Rindge, NH
meet the definition of unassociated reasonably believed to have been placed AGENCY: National Park Service, Interior.
funerary objects and that have a cultural with or near human remains at the time ACTION: Notice.
affiliation with the Indian Tribes or of death or later as part of the death rite
Native Hawaiian organizations in this or ceremony of a Native American SUMMARY: In accordance with the Native
notice. culture. The unassociated funerary American Graves Protection and
objects have been identified by a Repatriation Act (NAGPRA), the
DATES: Repatriation of the cultural items
preponderance of the evidence as Franklin Pierce University intends to
in this notice may occur on or after
related to human remains, specific repatriate certain cultural items that
August 14, 2026.
individuals, or families, or removed meet the definition of unassociated
ADDRESSES: Send additional, written
from a specific burial site or burial area funerary objects and that have a cultural
requests for repatriation of the cultural of an individual or individuals with affiliation with the Indian Tribes or
items in this notice to Jill Sommer, cultural affiliation to an Indian Tribe or Native Hawaiian organizations in this
NAGPRA Coordinator, Bernice Pauahi Native Hawaiian organization. notice.
Bishop Museum, 1525 Bernice Street, • There is a connection between the
Honolulu, HI 96817, email DATES: Repatriation of the cultural items
cultural items described in this notice
BM.NAGPRA@bishopmuseum.org. in this notice may occur on or after
and the Mary Kawena Pukui Cultural
SUPPLEMENTARY INFORMATION: This August 14, 2026.
Preservation Society; the ‘Ohana
notice is published as part of the Diamond; the ‘Ohana Kekumano; the ADDRESSES: Send additional, written
National Park Service’s administrative requests for repatriation of the cultural
khammond on DSK9W7S144PROD with NOTICE


‘Ohana Keohokālole; the ‘Ohana Olds;
responsibilities under NAGPRA. The and the Temple of Lono. items in this notice to A. Joseph
determinations in this notice are the Sarcinella, Drummond Woodsum, 84
sole responsibility of the BPBM and Requests for Repatriation Marginal Way, Suite 600, Portland, ME
additional information on the Additional, written requests for 04101 email asarcinella@dwmlaw.com.
determinations in this notice, including repatriation of the cultural items in this SUPPLEMENTARY INFORMATION: This
the results of consultation, can be found notice must be sent to the authorized notice is published as part of the
in the summary or related records. The representative identified in this notice National Park Service’s administrative


VerDate Sep<11>2014 16:19 Jul 14, 2026 Jkt 268001 PO 00000 Frm 00027 Fmt 4703 Sfmt 4703 E:\FR\FM\15JYN1.SGM 15JYN1
 Federal Register / Vol. 91, No. 134 / Wednesday, July 15, 2026 / Notices 43385

responsibilities under NAGPRA. The Franklin Pierce University is identified. No associated funerary
determinations in this notice are the responsible for sending a copy of this objects are present. In September of
sole responsibility of the Franklin Pierce notice to the Indian Tribes and Native 1934, the Ancestor was removed from
University, and additional information Hawaiian organizations identified in an unspecified location about 40 miles
on the determinations in this notice, this notice and to any other consulting NE of Shishmaref Alaska, and a few
including the results of consultation, parties. hundred yards from the beach. Mr. C.T.
can be found in the summary or related Authority: Native American Graves Stenson donated the Ancestral remains
records. The National Park Service is Protection and Repatriation Act, 25 to the U–M Museum of Anthropological
not responsible for the determinations U.S.C. 3004 and the implementing Archaeology (UMMAA) in June of 1938.
in this notice. regulations, 43 CFR 10.9. The Ancestor is an adult 30+ years
Dated: July 7, 2026. possible male. No time period can be
Abstract of Information Available
Melanie O’Brien, determined.
A total of 19 cultural items have been The University of Michigan has no
Manager, National NAGPRA Program.
requested for repatriation. The 19 record of, nor do its officials have any
[FR Doc. 2026–14184 Filed 7–14–26; 8:45 am]
unassociated funerary objects are knowledge of, any treatment of the
BILLING CODE 4312–52–P
unknown items from grave, lithics Ancestral remains with pesticides,
(Unknown Arkansas). preservatives, or other substances that
Determinations DEPARTMENT OF THE INTERIOR represent a potential hazard to the
collection or to persons handling the
The Franklin Pierce University has National Park Service collection.
determined that:
• The 19 unassociated funerary [N7319; NPS–WASO–NAGPRA– Cultural Affiliation
objects described in this notice are NPS0043218; PPWOCRADN0–
Based on the information available
reasonably believed to have been placed PCU00RP14.R50000]
and the results of consultation, cultural
intentionally with or near human affiliation is reasonably identified by the
Notice of Inventory Completion:
remains, and are connected, either at the geographical location or acquisition
University of Michigan, Ann Arbor, MI
time of death or later as part of the death history of the Ancestral remains
rite or ceremony of a Native American AGENCY: National Park Service, Interior. described in this notice.
culture according to the Native ACTION: Notice.
American traditional knowledge of a Determinations
lineal descendant, Indian Tribe, or SUMMARY: In accordance with the Native The University of Michigan has
Native Hawaiian organization. The American Graves Protection and determined that:
unassociated funerary objects have been Repatriation Act (NAGPRA), the • The Ancestral remains described in
identified by a preponderance of the University of Michigan has completed this notice represent the physical
evidence as related to human remains, an inventory of human remains remains of one individual of Native
specific individuals, or families, or (hereinafter referred to as ‘‘Ancestral American ancestry.
removed from a specific burial site or remains’’ or ‘‘Ancestor’’) and has • There is a connection between the
burial area of an individual or determined that there is a cultural Ancestral remains described in this
individuals with cultural affiliation to affiliation between the Ancestral notice and the Native Village of
an Indian Tribe or Native Hawaiian remains and Indian Tribes or Native Shishmaref.
organization. Hawaiian organizations in this notice.
Requests for Repatriation
• There is a connection between the DATES: Repatriation of the Ancestral
cultural items described in this notice remains in this notice may occur on or Written requests for repatriation of the
and The Osage Nation. after August 14, 2026. Ancestral remains in this notice must be
ADDRESSES: Send written requests for sent to the authorized representative
Requests for Repatriation repatriation of the Ancestral remains in identified in this notice under
Additional, written requests for this notice to Dr. Ben Secunda, ADDRESSES. Requests for repatriation
repatriation of the cultural items in this NAGPRA Office Managing Director, may be submitted by:
notice must be sent to the authorized University of Michigan, Office of 1. Any one or more of the Indian
representative identified in this notice Research, Suite G269, Lane Hall, Ann Tribes or Native Hawaiian organizations
under ADDRESSES. Requests for Arbor, MI 48109–1274, email identified in this notice.
repatriation may be submitted by any bsecunda@umich.edu. 2. Any lineal descendant, Indian
lineal descendant, Indian Tribe, or SUPPLEMENTARY INFORMATION: This Tribe, or Native Hawaiian organization
Native Hawaiian organization not notice is published as part of the not identified in this notice who shows,
identified in this notice who shows, by National Park Service’s administrative by a preponderance of the evidence, that
a preponderance of the evidence, that responsibilities under NAGPRA. The the requestor is a lineal descendant or
the requestor is a lineal descendant or determinations in this notice are the an Indian Tribe or Native Hawaiian
a culturally affiliated Indian Tribe or sole responsibility of the University of organization with cultural affiliation.
Native Hawaiian organization. Michigan, and additional information Repatriation of the Ancestral remains
Repatriation of the cultural items in on the determinations in this notice, described in this notice to a requestor
this notice to a requestor may occur on including the results of consultation, may occur on or after August 14, 2026.
or after August 14, 2026. If competing If competing requests for repatriation
khammond on DSK9W7S144PROD with NOTICE


can be found in its inventory or related
requests for repatriation are received, records. The National Park Service is are received, the University of Michigan
the Franklin Pierce University must not responsible for the determinations must determine the most appropriate
determine the most appropriate in this notice. requestor prior to repatriation. Requests
requestor prior to repatriation. Requests for joint repatriation of the Ancestral
for joint repatriation of the cultural Abstract of Information Available remains are considered a single request
items are considered a single request Ancestral remains representing, at and not competing requests. The
and not competing requests. The least, one individual have been University of Michigan is responsible


VerDate Sep<11>2014 16:19 Jul 14, 2026 Jkt 268001 PO 00000 Frm 00028 Fmt 4703 Sfmt 4703 E:\FR\FM\15JYN1.SGM 15JYN1