Federal Register / Vol. 91, No. 134 / Wednesday, July 15, 2026 / Notices 43389

from California to the Museum in 1967. Dated: July 7, 2026. collection was donated to IU in 1956
All items were described as Yurok by Melanie O’Brien, from Dr. Francis Demmington Smith.
the collectors. A total of 57 of the items Manager, National NAGPRA Program.
Cultural Affiliation
were tested for arsenic over 20 years [FR Doc. 2026–14182 Filed 7–14–26; 8:45 am]
ago, with three items testing positive at BILLING CODE 4312–52–P
Based on the information available
that time. and the results of consultation, cultural
affiliation is clearly identified by the
Determinations DEPARTMENT OF THE INTERIOR information available about the human
remains and associated funerary objects
The Field Museum has determined National Park Service described in this notice.
that:
[N7317; NPS–WASO–NAGPRA– Determinations
• The 175 sacred objects/objects of NPS0043215; PPWOCRADN0–
cultural patrimony described in this PCU00RP14.R50000] Indiana University has determined
notice are, according to the Native that:
American traditional knowledge of an Notice of Inventory Completion: • The human remains described in
Indian Tribe or Native Hawaiian Indiana University, Bloomington, IN this notice represent the physical
organization, specific ceremonial objects remains of 31 individuals of Native
AGENCY: National Park Service, Interior. American ancestry.
needed by a traditional Native American
religious leader for present-day
ACTION: Notice. • The one object described in this
notice is reasonably believed to have
adherents to practice traditional Native SUMMARY: In accordance with the Native
been placed intentionally with or near
American religion, and have ongoing American Graves Protection and
individual human remains at the time of
historical, traditional, or cultural Repatriation Act (NAGPRA), Indiana
death or later as part of the death rite
importance central to the Native University has completed an inventory
or ceremony.
American group, including any of human remains and associated
• There is a connection between the
constituent sub-group (such as a band, funerary objects and has determined
human remains and associated funerary
clan, lineage, ceremonial society, or that there is a cultural affiliation
objects described in this notice and the
other subdivision). between the human remains and
Absentee-Shawnee Tribe of Indians of
associated funerary objects and Indian
• There is a connection between the Oklahoma; Cherokee Nation; Eastern
Tribes or Native Hawaiian organizations
cultural items described in this notice Band of Cherokee Indians; Eastern
in this notice.
and the Pulikla Tribe of Yurok People Shawnee Tribe of Oklahoma; Miami
DATES: Repatriation of the human Tribe of Oklahoma; Peoria Tribe of
(previously listed as Resighini
remains and associated funerary objects Indians of Oklahoma; Quapaw Nation;
Rancheria, California).
in this notice may occur on or after Shawnee Tribe; The Osage Nation; and
Requests for Repatriation August 14, 2026. the United Keetoowah Band of Cherokee
ADDRESSES: Send written requests for Indians in Oklahoma.
Additional, written requests for repatriation of the human remains and
repatriation of the cultural items in this associated funerary objects in this notice Requests for Repatriation
notice must be sent to the authorized to Dr. Jayne-Leigh Thomas, Executive Written requests for repatriation of the
representative identified in this notice Director, Office of the Native American human remains and associated funerary
under ADDRESSES. Requests for Graves Protection and Repatriation Act, objects in this notice must be sent to the
repatriation may be submitted by any Indiana University, Student Building authorized representative identified in
lineal descendant, Indian Tribe, or 318, 701 E. Kirkwood Avenue, this notice under ADDRESSES. Requests
Native Hawaiian organization not Bloomington, IN 47405, email for repatriation may be submitted by:
identified in this notice who shows, by thomajay@iu.edu. 1. Any one or more of the Indian
a preponderance of the evidence, that SUPPLEMENTARY INFORMATION: This Tribes or Native Hawaiian organizations
the requestor is a lineal descendant or notice is published as part of the identified in this notice.
a culturally affiliated Indian Tribe or National Park Service’s administrative 2. Any lineal descendant, Indian
Native Hawaiian organization. responsibilities under NAGPRA. The Tribe, or Native Hawaiian organization
Repatriation of the cultural items in determinations in this notice are the not identified in this notice who shows,
this notice to a requestor may occur on sole responsibility of Indiana by a preponderance of the evidence, that
or after August 14, 2026. If competing University, and additional information the requestor is a lineal descendant or
requests for repatriation are received, on the determinations in this notice, an Indian Tribe or Native Hawaiian
the Field Museum must determine the including the results of consultation, organization with cultural affiliation.
most appropriate requestor prior to can be found in its inventory or related Repatriation of the human remains
records. The National Park Service is and associated funerary objects
repatriation. Requests for joint
not responsible for the determinations described in this notice to a requestor
repatriation of the cultural items are
in this notice. may occur on or after August 14, 2026.
considered a single request and not
If competing requests for repatriation
competing requests. The Field Museum Abstract of Information Available are received, Indiana University must
is responsible for sending a copy of this
Human remains representing, at least determine the most appropriate
notice to the Indian Tribes and Native 31 individuals have been identified. The requestor prior to repatriation. Requests
khammond on DSK9W7S144PROD with NOTICE


Hawaiian organizations identified in one lot of associated funerary objects are for joint repatriation of the human
this notice and to any other consulting faunal bones. The 31 individuals and remains and associated funerary objects
parties. funerary objects were recovered from are considered a single request and not
Authority: Native American Graves the Major Site (15He2/5), a competing requests. Indiana University
Protection and Repatriation Act, 25 multicomponent site on the Kentucky is responsible for sending a copy of this
U.S.C. 3004 and the implementing side of the Ohio River near the notice to the Indian Tribes and Native
regulations, 43 CFR 10.9. Henderson/Evansville Bridge. The Hawaiian organizations identified in


VerDate Sep<11>2014 16:19 Jul 14, 2026 Jkt 268001 PO 00000 Frm 00032 Fmt 4703 Sfmt 4703 E:\FR\FM\15JYN1.SGM 15JYN1
 43390 Federal Register / Vol. 91, No. 134 / Wednesday, July 15, 2026 / Notices

this notice and any other consulting materials. This individual was removed described in this notice to a requestor
parties. from a location in Dakota County, NE. may occur on or after August 14, 2026.
Authority: Native American Graves Human remains representing, at least, If competing requests for repatriation
Protection and Repatriation Act, 25 one individual have been identified. are received, UTK must determine the
U.S.C. 3003, and the implementing The one associated funerary object is most appropriate requestor prior to
regulations, 43 CFR 10.10. one lot of uncatalogued cultural repatriation. Requests for joint
Dated: July 7, 2026. materials. This individual was removed repatriation of the human remains and
Melanie O’Brien,
from a location in Nance County, NE. associated funerary objects are
Human remains representing, at least, considered a single request and not
Manager, National NAGPRA Program.
one individual have been identified. competing requests. UTK is responsible
[FR Doc. 2026–14179 Filed 7–14–26; 8:45 am] The one associated funerary object is for sending a copy of this notice to the
BILLING CODE 4312–52–P one lot of uncatalogued cultural Indian Tribes and Native Hawaiian
materials. This individual was removed organizations identified in this notice
from a location in Sarpy County, NE. and any other consulting parties.
DEPARTMENT OF THE INTERIOR Human remains representing, at least, Authority: Native American Graves
National Park Service one individual have been identified. Protection and Repatriation Act, 25
The one associated funerary object is U.S.C. 3003, and the implementing
[N7303; NPS–WASO–NAGPRA– one lot of uncatalogued cultural regulations, 43 CFR 10.10.
NPS0043200; PPWOCRADN0– materials. This individual was removed
PCU00RP14.R50000] Dated: July 7, 2026.
from a location in Scotts Bluff County,
Melanie O’Brien,
NE.
Notice of Inventory Completion: Manager, National NAGPRA Program.
UTK has no record of these human
University of Tennessee, Department [FR Doc. 2026–14173 Filed 7–14–26; 8:45 am]
remains or objects being treated with
of Anthropology, Knoxville, TN
potentially hazardous substances. BILLING CODE 4312–52–P

AGENCY: National Park Service, Interior.
Cultural Affiliation
ACTION: Notice.
Based on the information available DEPARTMENT OF THE INTERIOR
SUMMARY: In accordance with the Native and the results of consultation, cultural
affiliation is clearly identified by the National Park Service
American Graves Protection and
Repatriation Act (NAGPRA), the information available about the human [N7308; NPS–WASO–NAGPRA–
University of Tennessee, Knoxville, remains and associated funerary objects NPS0043207; PPWOCRADN0–
Department of Anthropology (UTK) has described in this notice. PCU00RP14.R50000]
completed an inventory of human Determinations Notice of Inventory Completion:
remains and associated funerary objects
UTK has determined that: Skidmore College, Saratoga Springs,
and has determined that there is a
cultural affiliation between the human • The human remains described in NY
remains and associated funerary objects this notice represent the physical AGENCY: National Park Service, Interior.
and Indian Tribes or Native Hawaiian remains of four individuals of Native
ACTION: Notice.
organizations in this notice. American ancestry.
• The four objects described in this SUMMARY: In accordance with the Native
DATES: Repatriation of the human
notice are reasonably believed to have American Graves Protection and
remains and associated funerary objects
been placed intentionally with or near Repatriation Act (NAGPRA), Skidmore
in this notice may occur on or after
individual human remains at the time of College has completed an inventory of
August 14, 2026.
death or later as part of the death rite human remains and associated funerary
ADDRESSES: Send written requests for or ceremony.
repatriation of the human remains and objects and has determined that there is
• There is a connection between the a cultural affiliation between the human
associated funerary objects in this notice human remains and associated funerary
to Dr. Ellen Lofaro, University of remains and associated funerary objects
objects described in this notice and the and Indian Tribes or Native Hawaiian
Tennessee, Office of Repatriation, 5723 Pawnee Nation of Oklahoma.
Middlebrook Pike, Knoxville, TN 37996, organizations in this notice.
email nagpra@utk.edu. Requests for Repatriation DATES: Repatriation of the human
SUPPLEMENTARY INFORMATION: This Written requests for repatriation of the remains and associated funerary objects
notice is published as part of the human remains and associated funerary in this notice may occur on or after
National Park Service’s administrative objects in this notice must be sent to the August 14, 2026.
responsibilities under NAGPRA. The authorized representative identified in ADDRESSES: Send written requests for
determinations in this notice are the this notice under ADDRESSES. Requests repatriation of the human remains and
sole responsibility of UTK, and for repatriation may be submitted by: associated funerary objects in this notice
additional information on the 1. Any one or more of the Indian to Siobhan Hart, Skidmore College, 815
determinations in this notice, including Tribes or Native Hawaiian organizations North Broadway, Saratoga Springs, NY
the results of consultation, can be found identified in this notice. 12866, email shart1@skidmore.edu.
in its inventory or related records. The 2. Any lineal descendant, Indian SUPPLEMENTARY INFORMATION: This
National Park Service is not responsible Tribe, or Native Hawaiian organization notice is published as part of the
khammond on DSK9W7S144PROD with NOTICE


for the determinations in this notice. not identified in this notice who shows, National Park Service’s administrative
by a preponderance of the evidence, that responsibilities under NAGPRA. The
Abstract of Information Available the requestor is a lineal descendant or determinations in this notice are the
Human remains representing, at least, an Indian Tribe or Native Hawaiian sole responsibility of Skidmore College,
one individual have been identified. organization with cultural affiliation. and additional information on the
The one associated funerary object is Repatriation of the human remains determinations in this notice, including
one lot of uncatalogued cultural and associated funerary objects the results of consultation, can be found


VerDate Sep<11>2014 16:19 Jul 14, 2026 Jkt 268001 PO 00000 Frm 00033 Fmt 4703 Sfmt 4703 E:\FR\FM\15JYN1.SGM 15JYN1